Adding Ad Hoc Data Source solution (GQI) (#22)
SkylineCommunications/Skyline.DataMiner.VisualStudioTemplates: working/templates/gqi-ad-hoc-data-source-solution/CompanionFiles/Skyline DataMiner/AboutThisFolder.md

> This folder can contain any file you would like to add under the Skyline DataMiner folder while installing the Automation scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder can contain any file you would like to add under the Skyline DataMiner folder while installing the Add Hoc Data Source.
```
